(...) children sit here, doesn't matter.
Children could sit here.
It's so nice to come back after such a long time,
and whenever I came you always had gathered,
in a very big hall we met,
and that's how the Sahaja Yoga started growing.
Is very important. What do you, people,
from, specially from Germany, Austria,
these are the people who were in the war.
And now you are in the war with Me!
We have to fight, figtht the evil.
You know how the world is, we have to fight them,
and we have to take them out of ignorance.
You are such a support for this
because we have to change human beeings.
They have to become good people very fast.
Once they get their Self-realization your change will start.
Now in England, and also in Italy,
what they are doing is, to give realization to people on the street.
Giving on the street,
thousands of people now have become realized souls.
It's a very big thing
because once you get your realization, you become the spirit
and all the goodness should come to you.
If there is anything evil or bad in you, that will go away.
Is spreading so fast everywhere
and should also spread in your countries who are here.
There's no need, no need for you to fight or quarrel
because you have got the divine help,
you have got all the help, all the help from the Divine
and this is what is to be understood
that we are helped by the Divine to transform human beeings
into something greater.
That's what we are
and we are here because I wanted to tell people
that you must have a place, an ashram for Sahaja Yoga
and I don't want anybody else but only sahaja yogis there
because you don't know how dirty people are in this world,
what things they do,
you can't imagine to what limit they can go
and can really try to harm you;
because they are not only negative
but they are sometimes satanic
and they'll try to ruin your children, ruin your families,
do all kind of things.
So you have nothing to do with them, keep away,
keep aloove, because now you all have been cleansed.
Those who are cleansed people don't mix up
with people who are moody, don't they?
and so you must have that much of wisdom in your head
to understand that at any cost you'll not mix up
Sahaja Yoga with other things.
Is very umportant to know!
But I'm being trying to tell this since long
that keep yourself aloove!
But sometimes people don't do it and then they suffer a lot.
We have all kinds of devils around,
all kinds of satanic forces
acting as some sort of a cult or I don't know what they are doing,
but they have done no good to people, no good at all.
Just see what is going on in those days, is all kinds of fighting
quarreling, (...), all this is going on so we must know
we are in the very very bad type of Kali Yuga.
And we have to fight it out by collectivity.
Look at the children how collective they are.
You all have to be collective and you must love
all the people, all the sahaja yogis who are around.
Don't try to find false with them,
don't try to fight with them
because it's a very important work I'm been doing.
What I'm trying to do is to transform people
to make them good people, nice people.
Is not to get anything out of them but
but to give them something that they should become very good people.
We have to have extremely good and nice people:
People who don't hate,
people who don't have greed -like madness people have greed
in countries where they could make money
they have cheated everyone and have made money.
And that is how their children will suffer,
they will suffer.
So My attention is for all of you
because you can help Me in this great war,
war with the evil.
These are evil people by temprament
and they want to ruin you. You must understand this!
Don't play into their hands
and you become solid because you have not come on this earth
to collect things and all that but you have come here
to become sahaja yogis of a very great order.
Another thing is if you don't feel your joy within yourself.
If there is no joy with you, you will trouble others.
So best thing is for you (...) to meditate,
not to critizise, not to use your brain, but meditate.
By meditation you will know how to enjoy Sahaja Yoga,
how to enjoy everything.
This has to be there and this mental activity should go away.
Don't try to organize others,
don't try to give lectures to others, but what you do
is to youself introspect, see for yourself what's wrong with you
and what's wrong things you are doing (...).
Hello children, please keep quiet,
allright, if you don't keep quiet, they'll take you away.
I don't want you to go, allright?
(...)
After all, you see, these children are german children
so naturally in their (...)
they know to be (...).
That's why you call them (...) and (...)
You have to be good children, very good children.
So, not only beeing peaceful with everything, no
not only beeing good is equal allright,
but you have to make others,
you have to make others good people.
You have to make them beautiful people,
we have to make this world beautiful
through your help and through your attention.
Now the problem is that
we can take to wrong things very easily
even after Sahaja Yoga.
Don't support anyone like this!
On the contrary explain to that person
that Sahaja Yoga is a collecitve attainment.
We cannot have our own anything.
We have to be active, we have to be togehter all the time.
Togehterness is very important
and then to seek joy of that togetherness.
If you can feel that joy of togetherness
you have achieved that aim of life,
because then you'll gather other people also
and you can this joy of being the spirit.
Once they become the spirit it starts(...)
But if you are collective and if you are together
and you know all the things, then also you grow very much.
Now those who talk of seperating
having some sort of a mad idea, please don't listen to them!
You better tell them, "We have to be together
we cannot, we cannot seperate!"
And anything like this will be destroyed
because in this world, you see how the world is,
how the things are and how it is working out.
So for you to understand the
beauty of modern times and that you are born in a time
when you can bei transformed!
You are born in a time, when you can become
the Self, the Spirit.
Everybody has tried this, nothing has worked out.
Now, with the help of your Kundalini we are working it out!
You also know what is to be done, you know how to give realization,
how to see the vibrations, everything.
And once you start seeing that, then you'll realize
that what you are doing is a great awe to your (...).
Now I leave upon you, all of you,
you are such sensible, good people who have come to Sahaja Yoga,
and every time I came here, you were all here,
I'm happy so many contries are here
only just knowing that I am coming.
How much you all love Me, I tell you, really is remarkable.
How you people all show your love,
all of you have come here all the way
when I came for such a short time.
So may God bless you all and have sense, have sense in your head
that you are now responsible from transcent of -
transforming this world into a new world
of very good people, spiritual people,
so your responsibility is that
and as a result, what you have to do yogis
you all have to be very responible.
Whatever contry you may come,
or the place you may come,
but you have to be very responsible
responsible people, and try to understand
what you are doing for Sahaja Yoga.
I can see so many new faces, now I'm happy to see that;
of course also the Austrians I have met and the American sahaja yogis
Germans I have met before,
but I also see other people from other countries.
Very sweet of them to have come here.
So what is important is, to surrender.
which is head problem with people.
They cannot surrender themselves to Sahaja Yoga.
It's that, that is your right!
That is the beautiful river of goodness,
So you should try to surrender,
and if you cannot surrender then there is something wrong with you.
Please try to surrender
and you'll be surprised that with this surrendering only
you can get complete joy, happiness and peace.
That is very important and that's what I have come to tell you,
that please try to surrender!
And surrendering is - I cannot say how you force yourself,
but you just go into thoughtless awareness;
you meditate and into thoughtless awareness
and then I'm sure with all My love and with all My blessings
I'm sure you will surrender, not only surrender
but you will develop tremendous powers
to convwert others also, transform others, into useful persons.
You all have that and if you just develp and try to find out
how many people you have helped really in life to changes.
Thank you very much.
Now finished!